Copy edits (#132)
websight-io/docs: docs/docs/developers/development/dialogs/text-area/index.md

## Description

> The Text Area component allows the user to enter text over multiple lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Text Area dialog field allows the user to enter text over multiple lines.
```
